Improve wording (#2472)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Emoji.md

| require_colons? | boolean                                                          | whether this emoji must be wrapped in colons                              |
| managed?        | boolean                                                          | whether this emoji is managed                                             |
| animated?       | boolean                                                          | whether this emoji is animated                                            |

> | available?      | boolean                                                          | whether this emoji can be used may be false due to loss of Server Boosts |

Author: ```suggestion
| available?      | boolean                                                          | whether this emoji can be used; may be false due to loss of Server Boosts |
```

###### Gateway Reaction Custom Emoji Examples

>info
>In `MESSAGE_REACTION_ADD` gateway events, `animated` will be returned for animated emoji.

>info

> >In `MESSAGE_REACTION_ADD` and `MESSAGE_REACTION_REMOVE` gateway events `name` maybe `null` when custom emoji data is not available (for example, if it was deleted from the guild).

Author: ```suggestion
>In `MESSAGE_REACTION_ADD` and `MESSAGE_REACTION_REMOVE` gateway events `name` may be `null` when custom emoji data is not available (for example, if it was deleted from the guild).
```
